README.md, before:

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Author](#authorName)
  * [Project Title](#projectName)
  * [Project Description](#projectDescription)
  * [Installation Instructions](#projectInstallation)
  * [Usage Information](#projectUsage)
  * [Contribution Guidelines](#projectContribution)
  * [Test Instructions](#projectTesting)
  * [License](#projectLicense)
  * [Support](#projectEmail)

  # Project Creator
  Lane Pentecost

  # Project Name
  E-Commerce Back End

  ## Description
  This is a back end consisting of a MySQL database alongside an express server to create an API to help manage the products and related data for an internet retail business.

  ## Installation Instructions
  To use this application, download required files and updated user credentials for the MySQL database in the dotenv file. Run the express server using 'node server.js' in the appropriate directory in the terminal. Once the express server is running, GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE routes are available for use; the recommended tool for this is Insomnia.

  ## Usage
  After installing and running the express server, this application may be used to store, update, and remove data regarding the user's retail inventory and associated information. Data may be created, retrieved, or updated in Insomnia, or another tool by using the API routes made available.

  ## Contribution Guidelines
  For those interested in contributing to or forking from this repository, please directly message me on GitHub.

  ## Testing
  Further testing using the API routes, especially those regarding sending data in a JSON body may encounter some unforeseen errors, and these should be reported as issues to the repository on GitHub.

  ## License
  This project is not licensed.

  ## Questions
  For questions or feedback, please reach out to me on <a href="https://github.com/Project-Faust">GitHub</a> or via <a href="mailto:pentecost.cody.lane@gmail.com">email</a>.

Commit message:

added clarification on seed data and `npm i`

README.md, after:

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Author](#authorName)
  * [Project Title](#projectName)
  * [Project Description](#projectDescription)
  * [Installation Instructions](#projectInstallation)
  * [Usage Information](#projectUsage)
  * [Contribution Guidelines](#projectContribution)
  * [Test Instructions](#projectTesting)
  * [License](#projectLicense)
  * [Support](#projectEmail)

  # Project Creator
  Lane Pentecost

  # Project Name
  E-Commerce Back End

  ## Description
  This is a back end consisting of a MySQL database alongside an express server to create an API to help manage the products and related data for an internet retail business.

  ## Installation Instructions
  To use this application, download required files and updated user credentials for the MySQL database in the dotenv file. After installing any dependencies that are imported in the JavaScript file (by using `npm i` in the terminal), run the express server using `node server.js` in the appropriate directory in the terminal. Once the express server is running, GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE routes are available for use; the recommended tool for this is Insomnia. (Please note that the user is not supplying his or her own seed data or creating data using the API, the user should seed the database using the `npm run seed command` in the terminal while in the appropriate directory to have seed data to work with).

  ## Usage
  After installing and running the express server, this application may be used to store, update, and remove data regarding the user's retail inventory and associated information. Data may be created, retrieved, or updated in Insomnia, or another tool by using the API routes made available.

  ## Contribution Guidelines
  For those interested in contributing to or forking from this repository, please directly message me on GitHub.

  ## Testing
  Further testing using the API routes, especially those regarding sending data in a JSON body may encounter some unforeseen errors, and these should be reported as issues to the repository on GitHub.

  ## License
  This project is not licensed.

  ## Questions
  For questions or feedback, please reach out to me on <a href="https://github.com/Project-Faust">GitHub</a> or via <a href="mailto:pentecost.cody.lane@gmail.com">email</a>.
